[Music]
hi it's Farley some big speakers food
and here I'm going to show you a really
easy way to make mayonnaise yes you can
make mayonnaise traditionally by
dribbling in oil but it's a lot more
chance of splitting here I'm going to
show you a practical foolproof method so
what we need the classic mayonnaise
ingredients you've got some egg yolks
some mustard some vinegar some oil and
what we going to be using is a stick
blender and a jug so it's important that
the jug is tall and narrow rather than
wise what we're trying to do is create a
vortex which is what's going to make our
mayonnaise so first things first we go
in with our egg yolks then we're going
to add our flavoring so we want some
mustard about a tablespoon of mustard a
teaspoon of vinegar I've got white wine
vinegar here you just want some acidity
excuse lemon juice we can use cider
vinegar and then we're going to add our
oil so 2 2 egg yolks you want about 200
250 milliliters of oil I'm just using
sunflower oil it's just a classic
mayonnaise but you could use at olive
oil but I wouldn't use extra virgin cuz
that's too highly flavored now here's
the trick you want to get your hand
blender or your stick blender and you
place it in the bottom of the jug and
we're going to turn it on we're going to
leave it for about 10 seconds then you
have to draw a top really slowly that's
what's going to make our mayonnaise here
we go
that's how these 10-second that we're
just going to draw it up really slowly
[Applause]
I'm just going to give you the final
neck straight up and down
[Applause]
you see that stickers that's just a
matter of seasoning it with a bit of
salt and pepper giving it stir in about
20 seconds you've got homemade
mayonnaise and that's how you make
really easy mayonnaise from being a good
food
[Music]